(Episode 27)
Are you okay?
Yes, we are okay.
The ambulance will be here in a minute.
Are you okay? Your hand looks like it got hurt.
- Is that what's important now? - Goodness.
Why did you come to a place like this by yourself?
Why didn't you call me?
I felt sorry for calling you after working hours.
You should've called me even if you felt sorry!
What would've happened if you were alone and got hurt...
because you ignored procedure and formalities?
What did I say when you executed the warrant?
What is the most important thing in times like this?
- My safety. - You know it so well!
But why would you come here alone?
If I hadn't come here today,
you could have been killed.
Jae Chan did not have any idea that this place was dangerous.
Stay out of this!
Taking his side doesn't help him.
I'm sorry.
Even for you too, Hong Joo.
Why would you come here at night when you don't know who's out there?
He's right. You're not scared at all.
The ambulance is here.
Goodness. Whom should I follow in situations like this?
I have only one body.
Please go with him.
He inhaled a lot of gas trying to rescue me.
No, sir. Please go with Hong Joo.
Her hand was shaking badly.
No, my hands are not shaking. They're fine now.
Jae Chan must have internal injury that's worse than mine.
Hong Joo, you're not fine.
No, I'm fine.
It's you who is not fine.
Are you okay?
Goodness, those love birds.
And you're hurt here too.
Here! Over here.
When you ignore the assistant chief prosecutor's orders...
and go to a site without your inspector,
you can become the victim.
You're destroying the neutrality of the whole investigation.
Do you understand?
Yes, sir.
Sir, by the way, how did you know I was here?
That's not important now.
Be quiet, and just wear the oxygen mask.
Not only does this provide oxygen, it also prevents you from talking.
What a relief. What a relief...
What a relief. You're alive...
Thank you, sir.
Please listen to me now if you feel thankful.
Don't make me worry about you anymore.
Hong Joo, we'll go over to your place for breakfast soon.
I know. I just have a favor to ask.
A favor? What is it?
I inhaled so much smoke last night.
I keep blowing my nose, but ash keeps coming out.
I can even use my snot to write...
Jae Chan...
Hong Joo is here to ask you a favor.
Is she?
Wait a moment.
Write with my snot.
Can I make up for what I've said?
Goodness. It's disgusting.
He snores like a trumpet. I don't need an alarm.
I wake up to his snoring every morning.
I hope you're not shocked.
You said you always see his gross side in your dreams anyway.
Yes, it's fine. I have ash coming out of my nose too.
Your brother is much sexier when he's moisturized from shower.
Whatever he does makes my heart flutter.
You're love blinded to a serious level.
Goodness, Seung Won. Wash up now. You'll be late.
What's the favor you were going to ask?
I just roughly explained about last night's accident to my mom.
I didn't want her to worry too much.
What did you tell her?
I just said I called up 911 when I saw fire as I walked by.
So don't say anything during breakfast.
Sure, I'll do that.
Shall can we go now?
Don't do that to me.
- What? - Don't say you're okay...
when you're not.
Bad things, bad dreams. You have to tell me everything.
Don't lie to me.
Okay.
Do you still have that dream you told me about?
The dream about the rainy day and green umbrella.
No, I don't. I haven't had that dream for a while now.
It's true, right? You aren't lying, right?
It's true.
If I have that dream again, you'll be the first to know. Don't worry.
All right, then.
(Parking for assigned vehicles only)
So inside the mobile phone...
were photos of victims of the IV drip serial murder case,
- right? - Yes, sir.
Is he related to Myung Yi Suk?
Like an accomplice?
Maybe. I'll get to know more when I cover it closely.
He could be the real criminal.
A real criminal? With what basis are you saying this?
Other than the 11 photos of victims, there were extra 8 photos...
in his mobile phone.
What are you saying? What happened to the 8 people?
They're all dead.
- What? - Sorry?
Why were the eight victims not listed in that case?
They were not from the same hospital room with the case.
They weren't counted because they died after Myung Yi Suk's arrest.
They died after he got arrested?
Then he could be the real criminal or an accomplice.
This means a serial killer is still alive out there in the world.
There's also a threat that he might commit another crime.
Are you sure...
that the man who died in the fire wasn't the serial killer?
The person who died from the fire wasn't the owner of the cellphone.
He was just a person receiving the phone for someone else.
When the police approached the person who was looking for the phone,
somebody else killed him with fire?
There's a high possibility that the phone belongs to the arsonist.
And it's highly likely for him to be the serial killer.
Calm down, everyone. We can't make any assumptions.
This is a reinvestigation, so let's be cautious.
Did you get the personal information of the cellphone owner?
It's not easy to find the owner because it's a burner phone.
Hong Joo.
Weren't you in charge of this case last year?
I was, sir.
I want you two to take yourselves off the line and focus on this case.
Du Hyun, go to the hospital, and find out about the eight patients.
Hong Joo, stick with the police and prosecution to find out...
about the owner of the phone.
Figure out if there were any problems with the old investigation.
- Yes, sir. - Yes, sir.
Did you give the phone's back up data to the digital forensic team?
Yes, I did.
By the way, how do you know about this case so well, Jae Chan?
It's not your case.
Well... I was the first to recognize this as a case.
You are the victim of the arson case.
How can a victim investigate?
You'll be excluded if I were the judge.
I know, sir.
Don't deal with this case, Jae Chan.
Ms. Son and Ms. Shin should lead this case.
- Yes, sir. - Yes, sir.
You and Prosecutor Lee should work on reinvestigating...
the IV drip serial murder case.
Yes, sir.
- Yes, sir. - If you...
do not follow my command and run out to the crime scene again,
I'll remove you from the team.
Yes, sir.
Well, we have 2 cases, but there is only 1 suspect.
We'll work on it with two tracks.
Both teams should have a meeting every day and cooperate.
I'll contact the Yeonju office to get records of the case...
and request to investigate on the confiscated goods.
Okay.
Jae Chan.
Will you be okay?
- What do you mean? - Reinvestigating a finished case...
means something in the previous investigation had gone wrong.
Yes, I'm aware of that.
You have to investigate Lawyer Lee who was the prosecutor for this.
You also have to investigate Mr. Choi, who was the inspector.
I'm sure that nothing went wrong,
but if we find a problem with the previous investigation,
Mr. Choi may face disciplinary action.
Best case, dereliction of duty.
In the worst case, he might have to go through a trial.
I couldn't do this alone because it's my right hand.
Thank you.
- I'm such a good girl, right? - Yes.
I'm such a good girl.
How I wish I can meet a guy like Lieutenant Han.
Lieutenant Han has lived his life as a good person too.
I'm sorry, okay?
Mr. Choi might be in trouble.
Do you think you can reinvestigate on this case?
You were good.
(Episode 27: Catch Me if You Can)
Goodness. There are so many records for this case.
We'll have to pull a few all-nighters to go through it all.
11 people died. Of course there are many records.
Sir, please shut it softly!
Why would you shut it so hard when you can just press a button?
Jae Chan, I've been watching you.
Don't leave any scratches on the leather seats when you put them.
The color...
I should have requested for a separate car for this.
Sir, get in the car.
You get in too. We'll be late.
Whose car is this?
It seems like my car, but it seems like it isn't
It seems like it's my car.
What is he saying?
I wish I was in the same team with you on the arson case.
I miss you.
Let's all put the confiscated goods and the trial record in your office.
I'll keep the investigation records in my office.
You can't do that. Mr. Choi works in your office.
Put it all in my office.
You're leaving Mr. Choi out of this reinvestigation?
Of course. Send him to the arson case team.
Let's ask for another investigator.
I'll reinvestigate this case with Mr. Choi.
Mr. Choi has nothing to do with the people who are involved.
He shouldn't be exempted just because of our assumptions.
Gosh, this guy...
I said to put all the records in my office!
Please!
Mr. Choi investigated this case with Lee Yu Beom.
If any false records are found, he could turn out to be a criminal.
Let's talk about this later.
What do you mean later? What if he wanted the honor...
- and manipulated the case? - Mr. Lee!
What? Why? What did I say wrongly?
I don't want to suspect Mr. Choi of wrongdoing either.
But what can I do? My job as a prosecutor is to suspect everything.
Our job is to suspect even those who we don't want to suspect.
He's right.
I know, right? Mr. Choi!
I mean...
I'm not saying that you made a mistake during the investigation.
I know.
I should be left out on this case.
These records should be put in the Prosecutor Lee's office.
What? What? He said that I'm right too.
Prosecutor Lee is being too much.
How can he do that to his partner?
- He's such a cold-hearted man. - I know, right?
It could have hurt his feelings, but it's an investigation.
What? You're taking Prosecutor Lee's side now?
She's not taking any side. She's just saying it can happen.
It's possible that a real criminal could be found somewhere.
That means the old investigation had gone wrong and Mr. Choi...
I know Mr. Choi better than anyone. He would never...
He would never do such thing.
How can you be so sure?
You said the same thing to me about Do Hak Young's case.
Do you think this is the same case?
It's not that different.
I think what you said to me then is the correct answer.
I know Mr. Choi is a nice person.
It's true there are many suspicious things about the case too.
Let's talk about this later when we get out.
I don't want to hear it here as it'll make me lose my appetite.
Did Mr. Choi explain how he knew about the arson and came?
No, but there are many ways to know about the case.
Like how?
He could have followed me.
He would have stopped you before the arson if he followed you.
Or he could have been walking past by coincidence...
It was a place that was far from his regular path.
He could have seen the fire from the distance and ran to me.
He came before the fire started.
Do you remember what Mr. Choi said to me that night?
You too, Hong Joo.
How could you come here without knowing who's out there at night?
He knew we went there separately.
He came there before the arson.
Why would he wait for the fire to rescue you?
Isn't it strange?
So what are you trying to say?
Are you trying to say Mr. Choi is an accomplice with the arsonist?
It's not what we mean.
Don't get suspicious, and just ask him.
Mr. Choi risked his life to save us.
How could you ask him, "How did you know I was here"?
Is it right to ask him "Why did you wait for the fire to save us"?
But you still have to ask him.
You can't just assume because you don't want to be rude and ask.
That is even worse.
[VIU Ver] E27 While You Were Sleeping "Catch Me If You Can"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Are you mad?
What Woo Tak said was...
I know.
I know he's right, and I'm wrong.
I changed my words.
I know I was not being a good prosecutor.
I know why you and Woo Tak would doubt Mr. Choi too.
I know it in my head,
but my heart can't believe it.
I hate myself so much now. I'm so disgraceful.
I'm embarrassed that you had to see this side of me.
Did we just fight?
Do you want to be alone?
Okay then. I think it's better off that I go alone today.
I'll take off first.
I said I want to go to work alone.
Me too. Let us go to work alone together.
That's nonsense.
Where is the sentencing on Myung Yi Suk?
It's here.
Hey.
You're here.
- Where is Mr. Choi? - He's in the arson team now.
- Sorry? - I'll go through the confiscations.
Why are you telling me?
He's throwing a tantrum towards me.
Just ignore him.
I don't think that Mr. Choi would manipulate a case...
just to get promoted at work.
Okay.
Prosecutor Lee, Ms. Son wants you in the video investigation room.
- Me? Why? - She's lining up arson suspects,
and she needs a sidekick.
- What are they calling me for? - I have to go.
- I haven't done anything. - Why am I here?
Chins up so we can see your faces.
- Witness? - Yes, sir.
Someone saw a man running away on a bicycle from the scene.
I called up whoever spoke to Jo Yoon Pyo that day...
and has similar foot sizes of the footprints from the scene.
It's him.
The guy on the far right. The guy with a lot of teeth.
I am sure. I saw those teeth last night.
The teeth glowed from the dark.
You said the suspect was wearing a mask. You couldn't see any teeth!
Did I say that?
Oh, right. It's the second guy from the left.
Second?
No. Maybe the third.
What a mess.
Contrary to prior belief, it's quite hard to purchase gasoline.
If consumers buy it from a container,
we must record their personal information.
Was there anyone who bought it on June 22 or earlier?
No.
How many gas stations do we have around here within 5km?
Over 40.
40...
Hello, Lawyer Lee.
It seems like you enjoy hot coffees during the summer too.
It makes sense. The air conditioning is strong here,
so you would want hot coffee.
Who is this jerk?
Welcome.
You guys sell pain relief patches here, right?
Yes, it's right next to the toothbrushes and toothpastes.
Thank you.
How do you feel now?
Do you have anything to say to the family of 11 victims?
Do you have anything to say to your son?
Please say something. Please say a word to your son.
How do you feel now?
Please say something.
How much is it?
You're a reporter Nam Hong Joo from SBC, right?
How do you know me? Did you see me on TV?
No, I saw you in person.
How do you feel now?
Do you have anything to say to the family of the 11 victims?
Do you have anything to say to your son?
I'm the son of Myung Yi Suk, the serial killer.
You were the only one I saw among the many other reporters.
You were so persistent.
I mean... Listen.
Do you know that my father is dead?
She knows. She also knows that he felt he was wrongly accused.
You're Myung Dae Gu, right? Seung Won's friend.
(Prosecutor Jung Jae Chan)
I'm reinvestigating your father's case.
- Reinvestigate? - Yes.
We're checking if anything went wrong with the prior investigation.
I'll go through all the evidence too.
If anything unfair happened in the previous investigation,
or you have any evidence that proves your father's innocence,
call me at this number. I'll listen to everything.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
Why did you buy pain relief patches? Did you get hurt?
My mom's having muscle-ache on her shoulders.
Are you still mad?
Are you okay about how you felt embarrassed?
Yes, maybe.
When will you stop being mad at me?
I'll be fine soon. Go inside now.
Thank you.
For what?
I was scared of the boy at the convenience store.
Why would you be scared of a boy? He's just a kid from high school.
I don't know.
I was really scared, but I got better because of someone.
You were cool a while ago.
You don't have to be embarrassed. Get over it.
It's uncomfortable.
Okay.
I'll get over it. I'm over it. It's fine now. I'm fine.
I'm sorry I doubted Mr. Choi.
I didn't want to doubt him too. That's why I said to ask him.
The assumptions get out of control if we don't ask anything.
If you hear from him, you don't have to doubt him anymore.
I did all that because I really wanted to believe in Mr. Choi.
I know.
You have a driver? You seem like my age.
I envy you for having a driver.
Didn't you get all this thanks to me?
Who is this lunatic?
You manipulated the confiscations for Myung Yi Suk's case, right?
You did that, right?
Lawyer Lee.
A guest is here for you.
Who?
Goodness. I was scared.
What brought you here?
I want to consult with you shortly.
I must count the time.
My consulting fee is quite high.
Three minutes will do.
Tell me. What is it?
(Lawyer Lee Yu Beom)
What is it that you want to consult about?
I know this suspect who is getting investigated by a prosecutor.
The prosecutors keep giving out tips on the results to the media.
They can't do that. Which prosecutor does that?
The investigation result is strictly confidential.
Even a suspect has his rights...
and full rights to protection.
Doesn't that suspect have his own lawyer who can stand up for him?
Why is the prosecution leaking information about the case?
It's obvious.
Either they don't have enough proof, or they aren't sure about something.
If they charge the suspect, he may get acquitted.
So they're asking the media for help.
Like the Cola bubble?
Yes, something like that.
You must have leaked the information...
during the Myung Yi Suk case for that same reason. Am I right?
I thought you gave it to me because you had feelings for me.
But you had all this calculated in your head.
You must've lacked evidence or felt unsure about something.
Why would you...
suddenly talk about a case that was closed a long time ago?
I was told that the real criminal to the case is not Myung Yi Suk.
Our reporting department has made a new task force to start covering it.
My three minutes is up.
I'll listen to both the lawyer and the prosecutor for Myung Yi Suk's...
case and fairly release articles. Call me if you want to add.
I'll come whenever you call me. You know my number, right?
- Of course, I do. - I'll get going now.
- Thank you for the tea. - Good bye.
Hello, there.
Are you looking for someone?
I came to give something to Lawyer Lee.
He left this with me last time.
(Episode 28 will air shortly.)